---
pageId: 6c8ca916-3605-4e40-97a9-9198bedb7a2b
layout: blog
type: exhibdoc
title: 3. Usage
date: 2023-07-20T11:38:34.274Z
target-audience:
  - PROFESSIONAL
theme: Technology
exhibdocsection: Tablet
license: CC BY 2.0
---
When you visit the website [tablet.reinherit-hub.at](tablet.reinherit-hub.at) or open the "ReInherit" app, you will see a grid displaying all the objects that have been submitted and added so far. This site is designed to provide a simple and plain overview of all available objects.

To select an object for your exhibition, simply click on it. This will redirect you to a new page where your selected object will be displayed along with all the annotation points you provided. Please note that there may be a short loading time before the object is displayed, to ensure everything is loaded correctly wait for a couple of seconds.

In the top right corner of the website or app, there will be a selection of language flags for all the language files that you have been provided. Users can click on their desired language nflag to switch the language of the annotations and object information.

When a user clicks on an annotation point, the associated audio or video file will begin playing on the left side (full width for video) of the screen. During playback, the language flag will be hidden to avoid any distractions. Once the audio or video file has finished playing or is being paused, the language switch will become visible again.

Please note that there is no back button on the individual object pages, as we do not want visitors/users in the museum to return to the grid view. This is intentional, as we want to encourage users to fully engage with the selected object and its annotations without getting distracted by other, irrelevant, objects on the grid.

To select a different object, simply navigate back to the grid view by using your browser's back button or by returning to the homepage and clicking on the desired object from the grid again.